calling a squad how much your call
hello good morning good morning I need
your help okay I need a metal headpiece
you just like a part to something yes
what type of product hurry okay
better hurry it's beginning to feel like
some great evil is permeating the air
around thank you for calling us by part
search my name is Eileen Clark can I
help you find hello good morning good
morning I need your help okay I'd be
glad to help you
I need a metal headpiece okay and what
is this for Diablo is heading east for
some foul purpose you better hurry
what what part do you need what do you
need a hammer for you need a hammer
yes okay he has come to destroy Mephisto
soul stone
you better hurry is there a part you
need today yes a hammer oh we don't sell
hammers here a metal head piece we don't
sell those parts a heroic staff yeah I
think you've got the wrong number
you know I need come goodbye it's a
great day of China country my name is
Alba Iulia and I'll be your approval
specialist good morning good morning I
need your help
you need help yeah country it's not help
lying I need one metalhead piece you
need one a metalhead piece a metalhead
piece yes this is sonic need come come
come come
case Pericles comes
this is China country excellent and we
sell brand new internet ready computers
what a fortunate turn of events are you
looking to purchase a computer the time
has come to destroy Mephisto soul stone
to better hurry
thanks for calling serious my name's Amy
not getting healthy today hello good
morning good morning are gonna help you
I need your help
yes and I can help you and what is the
problem
I need a metal headpiece a what a hammer
a hammer okay and in that keep something
to go ahead and connect you to the parks
department bill bill and you can set it
out for you again yes be careful
better hurry please wait your call may
be monitored or recorded to ensure
quality service thank you for choosing
Sears my name is Belinda how may I
assist you today hello good morning good
morning I need your help okay what can I
do for you today I need a hammer
have you got a hammer yes okay they're a
certain type a hammer okay what I don't
understand what what is it for a certain
product or the time has come to destroy
Mephisto soul stone sir you better hurry
it's beginning to feel like some great
evil is permeating the air around here
help